# Client's Summary

## Objectives

1. Research
        
- Think about different methods to integrate an AI chatbot for a webpage.
- What are advantages, disadvantages, usability, individualisation of the methods?
- How is the integration to different settings (Wordpress, Wix, coded webpage)?
        
2. Creation of webpage (Wordpress, Wix, coded webpage)
        
- Choose a topic of your interest for your webpage.
- Create subpages with diverse content (home, different subpages, FAQ, …).
- Create functionality for the website builder to upload PDFs or other documents to the webpage.
- Feel free to add additional functionalities :)
        
3. Integration of ChatGPT based Chatbot
        
- Based on your research, integrate chatbot window or search bar to the webpage. 
- Chatbot should answer questions based on publicly available data on webpage (including uploaded documents).
- Create database of user inputs for further optimisation of the webpage. 
- Come up with a technique to filter out inappropriate questions which are not related to the webpage.

## Setting

- Best practice documentation for Github and webpage.
- Provide the logins and links as well as the Github repository.
- Master branch should always functioning.
- Agile and incremental software development.
- I can provide you an API key as soon as you start with the integration of the chatbot. 

# Minutes 11/10/2023
Flurin and Marius (or the "Clients") began the meeting by introducing themselves. Following the Clients' introduction, the team members introduced themselves one by one, explaining what intrigued them about this particular project and stating any relevant experiences that each of them has had.   
After this first period of introduction, the Clients presented the project in more detail to the team. The Clients broke down the project into three parts:  
1. Research: the Clients and the team agreed to allocate the next two weeks to reasearch.
2. Creation of a webapp: the Clients stated that this step would consist of the creation of a webpage containing content of the team's choosing. The Clients don't want the team to allocate much time to the contents of the webapp and suggested using ChatGPT generated text.
3. Integration of a ChatGPT powered chatbot to the webapp: the final step consists of integrating an enhanced ChatGPT powered chatbot to the webapp. This chatbot should be trained on the contents of the webapp, the GPT LLM, files, and should be able to take files as input from the user in order to generate more relevant responses. The chatbot should also have a way to filter out questions which are not related to the webapp's contents.
   
In conclusion, the general tone of the meeting was very positive. The Clients seemed excited to see what the team would come up with, granting the team a lot of creative freedom especially when it comes to the development of the webapp.
